docs: add entity cache note (#6083)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/entity-caching.mdx

        private_id: "user_id"
```

<Note>

> In router versions 1.51 and earlier, Redis and per-subgraph caching configurations were set directly on `preview_entity_cache`, for example `preview_entity_cache.redis`.
> While in [preview](/resources/product-launch-stages/#product-launch-stages), configuration may change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In router v1.51 and earlier, Redis and per-subgraph caching configurations is set directly on `preview_entity_cache`, for example `preview_entity_cache.redis`.

This configuration may change while the feature is in [preview](/resources/product-launch-stages/#product-launch-stages).
```
